Nyvo Studio Project Documentation Style Guide:

    1. All Nyvo Studio project repositories must contain a 'docs' directory.

    2. All Nyvo Studio project repositories should have a 'README.md' file 
        - that follows the Markdown formatting and style guidelines.

    3. All Nyvo Studio project repositories must contain a 'Privacy Policy' file.

    4. All files referenced in this line : 'Security Policies', 'Code of Conduct', 'Contributing Guidelines', and 'terms of service'
        - must be located within the 'docs' directory.

    5. Only the 'License' file is permitted to be located in the main directory of the repository.

    6. All Nyvo Studio-owned repositories must be licensed under Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal.

    7. No force-commits are allowed in Nyvo Studio repositories.

    8. No commits should be signed off and applied to the main branch without being pulled and branched first.

    9. All commits should have a branch of their own, discussed and then merged to the main branch.

    10. Commit messages should not refer to the updates applied to the project as convention, 
        - but rather to the main file title with the addition of the word 'Main.'

    11. Commit descriptions must always be left blank.

    12. All versions of the project repository must be controlled under semantic numbering.

    13. The branch names should only refer to the project version number. Example: V-1.0.9.

    14. Pull request titles should begin with the name of the project, followed by a '|' character and their version. 
        - Example: "NyvoStudio Project | V : 1.0.3".

    15. All pull requests must have at least one comment before being merged.

    16. All pull requests should contain a 'changelog' comment that partition new features
        - and numbers them from the most important to the least important.

    17. *Optional* | Pull requests should contain a To-Do list in their changelog comment for the next upcoming sprint.

    18. All Pull requests should contain a ```signed off by``` section in their first comment, Continued by tagging all the contributers who participate in the update.

    19. The ```signed off by``` section must be at the last section of the comment and refer to the contributors who parted in the update.

    20. All code must be reformatted and pass all the tests given by the GitHub Actions linter before being merged
        - (excluding txt or documentation files).

    21. The change log comment of the pull request must always be the first comment.

    22. If a update has been rejected or/and left undone, The branch related to the update must be deleted and the pull request
         - must be closed and labled as ```Rejected``` 
         - ( The changelog comment must be as it is. )

    23. If the changelog of an update contains more than 10 elements, the semantic numbering principle is applied as 
         - a massive API change.


    
